I was a hell of a good artist a world
war two illustrator and now I can barely
write my name
[Music]
I heard what happened to you five of
them jumped him to miracle he survived
[Music]
you taken your meds I got beaten with an
inch of my life for no reason one foot
in front the other you got it mark
embrace the pain but I've created a
world where I can heal what is all of
this
welcome to Marwan it's my art
installation you're an artist that's a
complicated story
what tell me you really want to know yes
they kicked every memory I ever had out
of my head everything from before the
attacks come so my dolls have to tell a
story these are the women of Marwan and
they protect mark we're one on the same
pal
from the bad guys
let's go
I thought I heard you yelling for more
gumbo not gumbo no gumbo are all of the
Dallas and Marwan people you know
yeah there's Anna Julie hell yeah Karl
Allah you can't keep on running away
from your problems
Roberta are you gonna go to the
sentencing you need to face those jerks
who beat you up not really sure how to
do this her pain is our rocket fuel the
life I once had was taken away from me
but I'm still here
I have hope and I have my town and I
have my friends country back it'll be
okay
[Music]
anything is possible in Marlon bottoms
up girl
people need to see how special Marwin
really is to life to love to the women
of Marwan
[Music]